You were born to a peasant family in a tiny village in
 the desertland of Elsweyr. Your parents and older
 brothers were hard workers, proud of their strength and
 endurance. The only thing big about you was your appetite.
 You were of an inquisitive nature. No cupboard, closet, or
 drawer was safe from your prying eyes and fingers. You
 left no traces, but still your father and brothers beat
 you when they caught you. By the time you were eleven,
 they no longer caught you. Your mother taught you
 haggling and racing, but you had no other
 schooling and wanted none.
 
 Once, you climbed the wall of the local Mages Guild
 and spied on the young apprentices at practice. When
 their equipment was left lying about you took it for your
 own. In this way, you acquired a book.
 You also adopted a jacket shed by its owner and wore it
 proudly about the village.
 
 One day, you saw some village boys hurling stones and
 insults at an old woman named Lilislandra.
 Moved by an impulse you did not understand, you flung
 rocks back at the boys. They laughed, but as you drew
 near, they turned and ran away. You went back to
 Elle and offered to see her to her door.
 
 "Come inside," Elle said. "I have
 something for you." Her cottage was just one room, with
 cats and kittens everywhere. "Sit down," she said,
 removing two cats from a stool. "I'm going to teach you
 about locks."
 
 "Why?" you asked.
 
 "The cats don't need training in locks,"
 Elle said. "You do. Or will. No matter."
 
 Thus your training began. Her hands could no longer
 perform, but her mind was still efficacious. You and
 Elle became friends, as well as
 student and teacher.
 
 On your sixteenth birthday, she told you that you must
 leave. Your little village was too small for someone of
 your talents.
 
 "What of you?" you asked.
 
 "I also must move on. Perhaps some day you will visit me
 in the Iliac Bay? I would like that. Until then, I have
 my memories and my cats."
 
 On your way to the Imperial City, you stopped in an inn
 and heard that the Emperor was to pass the next day.
 Instead of sneaking into a room, you spent the night in
 a tree beside the road. You wanted to see the Emperor,
 later there would always be chances to
 break into some merchant's house.
 
 The procession was very splendid indeed, but a nearby
 rustle drew your attention. A black clad man was
 crouching on a limb ten feet beneath you. You gasped
 before you could stop yourself, and he twisted around,
 bringing his bow to bear on you. With no time to draw a
 weapon, you flung yourself at him, and together you
 crashed down on the heads below, just as the Emperor's
 carriage drew abreast.
 
 Hands seized you roughly. You felt dizzy and a trail
 of fire burned along your left arm. Poison! Then a white
 robed elf muttered an incantation over you. Your arm
 cooled and your head cleared. The Emperor himself thanked
 you and gave you a bag filled with gold.
 
 The local folk treated you to drinks and food and
 unaccustomed praise. Later you slipped away and found
 that in addition to a bag filled with gold,
 the Emperor had handed you a note inviting you to share an
 audience with him at the Imperial Palace. You set out
 immediately.
