When you were very young, your parents joined a group that
 was moving to the outskirts of the civilized area of
 Skyrim to start a new village in the mountains.
 Your childhood was spent helping to do the mundane and
 grueling work required by this sort of venture. The
 physical hardiness inherited from your parents helped
 considerably in this regard, and you developed physically
 at an early age. You also showed some skill at
 tanto weaponry, and spent time with an elder of
 the village who had you practice practicing jumping high and long.
 
 Your prowess grew as your warrior skills developed,
 supported by a ready grasp of tanto weaponry.
 Unfortunately, you eventually found that you had reached
 the limit of what you could learn in the mountains,
 so one day you reluctantly approached your parents. After
 much discussion and resistance, they grudgingly supported
 your request to travel to a fighting school to continue
 your training, cautioning you that you would have to
 support yourself during this time. Although saddened
 to separate from your parents and siblings, you were
 excited at the prospect of seeing some of the fabled
 civilization of Tamriel.
 
 While at the fighting school, you worked after hours at
 various odd jobs. These included guard assignments and
 bouncer duty at a local inn, both of which additionally
 provided opportunities for you to polish your skills.
 You also became friends with an classmate named
 Lilislandra. When Zenona completed
 the training, you vowed to make regular visits to the
 Imperial City. However, your first trip to the Imperial
 City also included your first exposure to the distaste
 that some of the inhabitants and members of the court
 express toward someone of your physical presence and
 comparatively coarse manners. Your only compensation
 for this was the ready friendship shown by many of the
 Imperial Guard.
 
 On your third visit to the Imperial City, you were
 looking for Zenona when one of
 the Guard told you that a small group of mercenaries,
 including Gerptha, had been attacked
 and captured by suspected supporters of the former
 Imperial usurper, Jagar Tharn. Without waiting for
 reinforcements, you set off immediately. When you
 finally found the rebel encampment you hesitated because
 of the size of the outlaw band. You did not procrastinate
 for long. You used the natural cover of the woodland to
 your advantage and, one by one, you stalked your target
 and drove a stiletto into his heart. Luckily, just
 when even you were beginning to tire, some of the
 captives, led by Gerptha escaped their
 bonds and helped to finish off the remainder of the band.
 
 Your group made its way back to the Imperial City, where
 you also enjoyed the congratulations of many of the Guard.
 And then shortly thereafter, you received a message from
 the Emperor himself.
