You were raised in Santaki, the son of a wealthy merchant
 and nobleman. You spent your days in school learning to
 read and write, and your evenings working in your fathers
 store learning to haggle.  In your tenth year the town was
 attacked by a band of roaming mercenaries.  You and your
 classmates were quickly ushered into a storm cellar under
 the school for safe keeping.  Being of a curious nature you
 slipped back upstairs at the last moment to watch the fracas
 from the school window.  From your vantage point you could
 see the townsfolk rounded up like cattle in the courtyard
 square, quickly you spotted your parents among the crowd
 in front of their shop.

As you watched, the leader of the band rode up to them and
 grabbed at your mother.  When your father pulled her away
 and stepped in front of her the leader of the band jumped
 down from his horse, spat a mouthful of chew to the ground
 and quickly thrust his sword into your fathers midsection.
 You stood there watching, frozen with disbelief, as your
 father slid to the ground and died.  You wanted to run to
 them, to protect your mother as she was savagely raped,
 but you could not move.  So you stood there watching, with
 tears streaming down your face as the band leader slit her
 throat when he was done with her.  Then he seemed to look
 up at you in the school window and his eyes burned into your
 soul, you looked back at him and his face burned into your
 memory.

They were gone as quickly as they arrived and you were
 shaken back to reality by your school master.  You never
 said a word but dried your eyes and walked back to your
 house.  That night you took your fathers best sword from
 his room and slipped out of town in pursuit of the mercenaries.
 For days you followed their tracks across the desert, dragging
 the sword that you could barely lift off the ground.  Finally the
 heat and the hunger overcame you and you fell to the ground
 to die...

Slowly you woke to the sound of running water.  At first you
 thought it was all a bad dream but as you tried to get up you
 felt the sting of your sun baked body.  Gently a pair of hands
 laid you back down and started to apply a sweet sticky balm
 to your face and lips.  When you awoke again the sting was
 gone and you were completely healed.  You sat up and looked
 across the room at the oldest man you had ever seen.  He told
 you his name was Malacoy and was a teacher of the forgotten
 art of the Samurai. You told him of your plight, thanked him for
 his help and rose to leave.

Before you could blink he was standing in front of you and with
 amazing ease lifted you from the ground.  He told you that he
 would not let you sacrifice your life on a revenge that you could
 not possibly hope to achieve.  Then he stood there, holding you
 in the air without saying a word as his mind seemed to drift to
 some other time and place.  Finally his eyes cleared and he said
 that if it is revenge that you seek then he would train you so
 that you may succeed.   As he set you down you wanted to
 leave but once again you could not seem to move so you
 stood there in awe of his power.
 
You started your training in the ancient Samurai arts before
 dawn and finished your day well after dark.  You learned
 quickly and mastered every lesson that Malacoy taught you.
 But each time that you thought you were ready to leave on
 your quest he would spar one last time and you would find
 yourself disarmed and with his sword point at your throat.  So
 your training went on, you were trained not only in the arts of
 defense and attack but also in all of the arts of magicka.
 Your personal favorite was the long blade and you spent
 what little free time you had perfecting your skills with the
 blade.  As the years past your skills increased and your hot
 temper lessened but you never lost your blood lust for your
 revenge or the burning image of the band leaders face from
 your memory.
 
Shortly after your seventh year of training you were in a small
 nearby town getting supplies when you heard a rumor of a
 band of mercenaries which attacked another small town two
 days ride to the south.  Upon inquiry you learned that the
 description of the leader of the band of mercenaries matched
 exactly to that in your memory.  Forgetting your supplies you
 hurried back to tell Malacoy, he simply nodded, chastised you
 for forgetting the supplies and resumed your training.  You went
 to bed that night wondering if you would ever get the chance
 to satisfy your revenge and spent most of the night reliving
 that horrible day in your dreams.  When you rose before dawn
 the next day you were surprised to find a full set of Samurai
 armor stacked neatly beside your bed.  Smiling you donned
 the new armor, sheathed your sword and by dawn you were
 tracking the band of mercenaries.

It was shortly after midday of the third day when you caught
 up with your quarry camped in a small clearing.  You settled
 yourself in the brush to plan your attack and wait for the cover
 of darkness.  Once the camp settled in for the night you rose
 from your hiding place and slipped into camp.  Silently you
 moved from guard to guard slitting their throats, then you made
 your way through the camp mercilessly killing the mercenaries
 as they slept.  Finally you came to the wagon where the leader
 of the band slept, you sat down outside the door and waited for
 morning.

The door to the wagon swung open and the leader emerged
 fully dressed in his battle gear and his sword drawn.  Slowly his
 eyes scanned the camp in the early morning light until they
 came to rest on you.  Without a word you both engaged in battle,
 time and again you disarmed your opponent but each time you
 simply stepped back and allowed him to retrieve his sword.  Your
 years of training had become nature but each time your sword
 found soft flesh you pulled your blow and only left a small but
 painful gash.  Finally your opponent was battered and beaten
 so badly that he stepped back gasping for breathe.  You stood
 there relishing the look of pain and fear in his eyes, then you
 sheathed your sword and told him who you were.  Seeing his
 chance he spat a mouthful of blood to the ground and quickly
 thrust his sword at your midsection, but you were ready and in
 a single motion you dodged the blow, drew your sword and
 severed his head from his body. 

As you turned to leave you sensed something, not danger but a
 living being just the same.  Slowly you pushed the door to the
 wagon open, stepping inside you let your eyes adjust to the
 darkness.  Then you saw her, huddled behind the table that
 she was chained to, was a small female child.  Picking the lock
 on her shackles you gently lifted her in your arms and told her
 everything was going to be all right.  You took her to the
 city and turned her over to the magistrate to find her parents.

For nearly three years you wandered the country side before
 you finally returned to the house of your youth in Santaki,
 there you found a letter waiting for you.  It turns out that the
 little girl that you saved was actually the niece of the Emperor
 himself.  The letter declared you a hero and invited you to the
 Imperial City for an audience with the Emperor.  When you
 arrived the Emperor threw a party in your honor and presented
 you with gifts and untold wealth.  You spent the night drinking
 fine wine and listening to exaggerated stories of your escapades.

As dawn approached a page handed you a note with the
 Emperors seal on it, it invited you to a private audience with
 the Emperor in his chambers.  As you entered the Emperors
 private chambers you were shocked to find Malacoy in
 counsel with the Emperor.  They looked up and the Emperor
 said he had a most delicate matter for which he needed
 someone that he could trust...






