When you were three or four, you became lost from your
 parents for several days. You do not remember much about
 that time lost in the mountains except that a group
 of strange creatures rescued you from a band of
 malevolent wizards. When you finally made it back
 to your parents' house, you described your rescuers,
 and were told they were the giants from a nearby mountain.
 Even today, you remember some words of their language.
 
 When you were of age, you joined the local militia to see
 more of the world. You excelled at the training the
 militia gave you in archery. There seemed to be no
 limit to the distance you could shoot an arrow, and
 you were often used by your masters as the model for
 less adept students. In a few years time, you became
 a master yourself.
 
 The shot that changed your fortune, however, was a bad
 shot. You missed the tree you were aiming for and struck
 the branches of a tree across the road, frightening a
 concealed assassin who was waiting for the caravan of
 Prince Aralas Mosshollow, son of the Emperor. The
 assassin was brought to the authorities, and the head
 of the militia, desirous of imperial reward, told the
 story of your misaimed arrow as if it were an expert
 shot from a loyal subject. You soon found yourself
 invited to court, as a member of the Imperial Guard.
 
 In the court of the Emperor, you continued to practice
 your archery and, in addition, learned many new techniques
 from the daily hand-to-hand practice. To stay motivated,
 you developed a system of honor, giving your life meaning
 and that gave you strength for the endless hours of work
 and the weariness of weapon drills.
 
 You were overjoyed when you received word that the Emperor
 had a quest for you, one that required the utmost tact
 and unswerving loyalty. When you came to the palace that
 night, you were surprised to find that the Emperor was
 not surrounded by his usual large retinue, merely his
 chief advisor, the Imperial Battlemage Ocato. There you
 were told of the affair of Daggerfall.
