Your earliest memories of your homelife are of an ongoing
 turmoil -- visitors continually arriving and leaving, and your
 mother and father at separate times also having to leave for
 extended periods. As you grew older you realized that your
 mother was a member of an elite mercenary legion, first as a
 weapons instructor, and then later as a combat tactical expert.
 Your father's interests were quite different: he was a
 well-respected member of the local Mages Guild, and a master
 of all kinds of magic. He found you an apt pupil and soon you
 were able to sharpen your natural and unnatural senses.
 
 You remember your parents talking about the Imperial
 Battlemage, Jagar Tharn, how it was known in their circle
 that he had usurped the power of the land away from its
 rightful ruler. No one dared to move against him.
 You also envied him for the gold of the Imperial treasury.
 One day in your twentieth year, you received a visitor at
 your house with the news that a powerful hero had killed
 Jagar Tharn and restored the exiled Emperor to the throne.
 
 The visitor also brought the news that there would be a great
 celebration in Imperial City. Once the courier left, you
 asked your parents if you could go to the celebration. Your
 mother and father discussed it for some time, before deciding
 that it was time you made your own way in the world. Your
 mother gave you a katana and your father gave you
 a very unusual staff, then you were sent you on your way to
 the Imperial City and the celebration.
 
 After many days of travel, you approached the capital of the
 realm, the Imperial City. You noticed a small band of
 travelers only a short distance in front of you. As you
 joined them, you were attacked by brigands who had
 been lying in wait in the woods along the road. One of the
 brigands raised his short sword to strike you. In a natural
 reflex, you tried to deflect the blow with the staff your
 father gave you. As the sword struck the staff, a great bolt
 of lightning erupted from it and both weapons shattered. The
 brigands and the travelers all stopped and stared at you.
 As the thunder subsided, the brigands ran back into the
 woods. You were mobbed by the travelers who thanked you
 profusely for saving them. They told you they were members
 of the Imperial Family who had been visiting in the country
 and were returning to the Imperial City for the celebrations.
 They insisted that you come with them to the palace and
 have an audience with the Emperor.
 
 The Emperor was very impressed by your bravery and grateful
 to you for saving his family. He formally invited you to
 the celebration and presented you with an ebony dagger.
 The festival continued for weeks, and during that time,
 the Emperor often called on you for informal talks. When
 you were not in audience, you usually spent your time
 talking and haggling with the merchants of the Imperial City.
 One night you were called to the Emperor's presence in a
 manner such that you knew the business was serious. He
 met you in his study and there told you he had a favor
 to ask.
