Though your childhood was similar to that of other
 Breton children you knew, at age 10, your
 father thought you ready to begin learning thieving
 skills. You spent many happy hours in his work shop,
 practicing initially lockpicking skills.
 Your skills developed slowly at first, and your father
 seemed to have to suppress his impatience at times.
 
 You applied yourself to your training more diligently
 than ever. It gradually became apparent to both you
 and your father that while you certainly would
 become a competent thief given time, you would never
 achieve his level of mastery.
 
 While you were studying hand-to-hand techniques
 with your father, your mother began to teach you, in
 her quiet way, the use of magicka. It did not
 take long to determine that you had some definite
 potential. You discovered that you could use both
 sciences together, using the discipline from
 your hand-to-hand and swimming
 training to accelerate your development of
 destructive spells.
 
 Your mother introduced you to some unusual, non-human
 creatures, mostly the daedra from the plane of Oblivion.
 You learned not only not to fear them, but also some of
 their language. One in particular, a female named Lilislandra
 took a liking to you and trained you further in spells
 of healing than your mother ever could.
 
 One night, your father brought you into his shop, a
 serious expression on his face. He explained that an
 agent of the Emperor himself had approached the
 heads of the local Thieves and Mages Guild. He had told
 them that the Emperor had heard rumors of a
 warlord named Erebon R'zamathil who was supposed to
 have been allied with the imperial traitor Jagar Tharn.
 The Emperor dared not act against Erebon R'zamathil
 without proper evidence to verify his illegal actions.
 Your father suggested that, as a pair, you two were just
 right for the assignment. Excited about the chance
 to impress your father as much as the Emperor's reward,
 you agreed at once.
 
 Some nights later, you and your father broke into
 Erebon R'zamathil's study and began searching for
 evidence of conspiracy. A noise out in the hall
 nearly caused you to drop the stack of papers you were
 carrying. Quickly, as agreed before, you moved off to the
 exit route carrying Erebon R'zamathil materials
 while your father headed off to provide a distraction. He
 gave you a wink and disappeared. You left the castle, and
 followed the escape route to your home.
 
 There, a portly mage and an Imperial courier examined the
 materials, and from their reactions, the evidence damned
 Erebon R'zamathil. You sat with your mother and
 fretfully awaited your father's return. The hours turned
 to days, and you numbly realized that you would never see
 your father again. The receipt of the Emperor's reward
 seemed small consolation for your loss.
 
 Some weeks later, a letter bearing the Imperial seal
 arrived at your house. You were requested in the Imperial
 City at once.
