Your earliest memories are of being hungry, cold and
 alone. You never were able to find out who your parents
 were, or how you came to be left to survive by yourself
 in the city streets. You can recall only a few mental
 scenes from your childhood. One of the more vivid ones
 were finding a single beautiful ruby on a corpse in
 an alley. Much of your childhood was a daily struggle
 simply to stay alive, and retain your few possessions,
 and you can remember distinctly the time when
 you developed a sense of humor and a sense of fun.
 As you got older, only a few people were able to
 penetrate the shell that was forming around your
 friendlier inclinations. The most significant of them
 was Lilislandra, who had just been accepted
 to the city guards. At first, Zenona
 would bring you food and provide some weapons practice
 and advice for you, but eventually she sponsored your
 petition for acceptance to a novice warriors' school,
 and provided a portion of the gold required as payment.
 Then, after your training was complete, she was able to
 get you a job as a guard for one of the many merchants'
 caravans that criss-crossed Tamriel's roads and
 provinces.
 
 Over the next two years, you rented yourself to a
 succession of these caravans, learning much of Tamriel
 and its inhabitants. You also polished your
 longblade skills with some actual fighting
 experiences in the rougher and more unsettled portions
 of the continent. You found it easy to transfer your
 early self-defensive inclinations to the caravan as a
 whole. Finally though, you decided to return to your
 home city and seek out your friend Gerptha.
 You discovered, however, that she had likewise
 progressed quickly, and had been invited to the Imperial
 City to join a troop of the Imperial Guards. The trip
 to the capital drained your funds, so you immediately
 took a job there, working evenings at maintaining order
 in one of the rowdier inns.
 
 You made friends with all the regulars in the inn, but
 your sympathy was won by a nervous, mute boy who kept
 the bar stocked. He seemed so frightened and alone that
 he reminded you of your own lonely childhood. When one
 of the drunken regulars stuck the boy, you leapt to his
 defense. The boy looked at you with such gratitude that
 your heart almost broke. Then, a few days later, he
 disappeared.
 
 Months later, while you were helping restock the cellar,
 you were called to the front door, and there was the boy
 again. This time he was dressed in Imperial robes and
 surrounded by escorts including Gerptha
 The "mute" boy spoke in an unmistakably aristocratic
 voice, "My name is Prince Omsien Jahir, son of the
 true Emperor of Tamriel, Uriel Septim VII. When I was
 in hiding, fleeing from the wrath of the usurper Jagar
 Tharn, you befriended me and saved my life. Please
 accept the greatest gift the Emperor can bestow, his
 gratitude."
 
 He also presented you with a summons from the Emperor
 himself, who apparently had need of a champion such as
 you. Perhaps your luck was finally beginning to change.
