You grew up on the streets, an urchin in your little village
 in the swamps of Black Marsh. You do not know when you
 first learned to use a club or to climb or when
 you decided nothing else mattered but gold.
 You only know that your skills and your philosophy are what
 kept you alive and sane during the dark years when Jagar Tharn
 usurped the throne of the rightful emperor. Tharn's agents
 even searched out your little village, looking for political
 dissendents and other undesirables. Those they found
 disappeared forever.
 
 For the benefit of all, an uneasy alliance formed between you
 and all the other villagers who were in questionable lines of
 work. One night, you witnessed a ragged boy being pursued by
 a dozen blackclad agents of Jagar Tharn. You took a shortcut
 through the alleys to meet the boy, and it took little effort
 to convince him to run with you. The two of you stole into a
 concealed cellar and waited for the agents to pass. The boy
 was obviously not from the village, and when you asked him
 his name, he told you, hesistantly, "Aralas Mosshollow."
 You laughed at his royal sounding name, and he told you very
 seriously that he was the son of the rightful ruler of Tamriel
 and that an imposter was on the throne. At the time, you
 humored his boyish imagination. Now, of course, you know that
 he was telling the truth. You told him the best way out of the
 village, avoiding the areas frequented by the blackclad ones,
 and he told you that when he saw his father again, you would
 be properly thanked for that act of kindness.
 
 Some years later, your luck ran out and you were imprisoned
 on the charge of swindling some stupes out of their gold.
 You had been in jail for several days when you received a
 visitor in the full regalia of an Imperial courier. He told
 you that in reward for your service to Prince Alan Ingmissen,
 you were granted full pardon and an ebony dagger
 You were also given a simple, unpretentious letter inviting
 you the Imperial City for an audience with the Emperor. You
 had your eyes set on a bigger fishpond anyhow, so you went.
